Chatur, a Jackal, lived in a jungle. He hunted for food every day with his friends. One day he thought to himself, “Every day I work hard to catch animals for food. Then every evening I have to share it with other members of the pack. If I go across the river to the village then I can get juicy fruits and fat hens for my own. I can eat them in the village and come back to the jungle. This way I won’t need to share my food.”The next morning Chatur woke up early and went across the river. He entered the sleepy village as the cock crowed. As he wandered near a poultry farm he saw a fat hen. At once his mouth watered at the thought of biting into the hen’s juicy flesh. So engrossed was he in his thoughts that he did not see the street dogs that had gathered at the end of the lane. The street dogs had seen the stranger’s presence and rushed at Chatur barking and growling at him.Chatur turned around to see fierce street dogs barking at him. He ran to save his life. He ran into a house with an open door. As it was a dyer’s house, he fell into a tub of blue dye. He at once got out of the house and went back to the jungle.When he reached the jungle all the animals looked at Chatur terrified and surprised. Chatur then saw his reflection in a nearby pond. Realising that he was dyed blue he thought of a plan. He called out, “Jungle dwellers, I am the Indigo King, sent by Lord to rule over you and care for your well being. I have been appointed King and caretaker of the jungle . Bow to me and serve me well and I shall protect you from all harm.”The animals not knew why he was strange looking and coloured. Now Chatur had tigers, lions, elephants, deer, hares and leopards at his beck and call. He’ however banished his brethren, the other jackals, to the far side of the jungle.Chatur enjoyed his role as a king and animals stronger than him served him, hunting for his food and obeying him.One night Chatur heard the call of the his brother jackals. They were howling at the full moon. Chatur tried to ignore the call but then he could not resist anymore. Soon he too gave a howl, The tiger who stood guard at Chatur’s cave heard the call and realised that the Indigo King was no one else but the jackal of their jungle. He gathered all the other animals together and said. Hear, my friends, hear the cunning jackal’s howl. He is a common cheat and no king at all. Thrash him and banish him from the jungle as he banished his own brethren..”All the animals then beat up Chatur who ran to save his life. He soon realised that he was being paid for treating his friends badly.MORALCherish your friends or you shall perish. 4748